CKSource Closed Distribution License Agreement 

Version 2.0, August 2009 

This document ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between You, either an 
individual or a Legal Entity, and CKSource – Frederico Knabben 
("CKSource"), running business activity pursuant to registration by the 
President of the Capital City of Warsaw under no. 429043, covering Your 
permissions for use, reproduction and distribution of the Software under 
the License terms defined hereby. 

1. Definitions 

"Agreement Name" shall mean the name used to reference this Agreement in 
any context, which is "CKSource Closed Distribution License 2.0" or in 
short "CKSource CDL 2.0". 

"Software" shall mean the copyrighted material owned by CKSource, 
subject to the terms of this License. The Software is publicly, uniquely 
and in its entirety recognizable by a well known name ("Software Name"). 

"Software Release" or "Release" shall mean a set of files distributed by 
CKSource, or anyone authorized to distribute it, that represents the 
Software. A Release is uniquely identified by the Software Name and a 
code. The code is generally referenced as the Software version or 
revision number, or the combination of both. 

"Release Date" shall mean the day that CKSource started distributing a 
Release. 

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other 
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control 
with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means 
(i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management 
of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of 
fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) 
beneficial ownership of such entity. 

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising 
permissions granted by the License and accepting this Agreement. 

"Product" shall mean a single computer program or one or more web sites 
(i) owned by You, or (ii) to which the owner grants You the permission 
to act in behalf of the owner for the purposes of this Agreement. A 
computer program family or a group of computer programs does not 
constitute a Product for the scope of this Agreement. A computer program 
that goes in competition with the Software in the marketplace does not 
constitute a valid Product for the scope of this Agreement. 

"LGPL" shall mean the document publicly recognized as the GNU Lesser 
General Public License, Version 2.1. The full text of the LGPL is 
available in Appendix A. 

"Hostname" shall mean a unique name by which a web site is reachable in 
a network. This includes a web site IP address, but not limited to. (For 
example, if a web site is reachable by the Internet address 
"http://www.example.com/", the Hostname is "www.example.com") 

2. Grant of License 

Subject to the terms and conditions of the LGPL and this Agreement, 
CKSource hereby grants to You, in one of the License Models described in 
Section 4 a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, 
worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify and distribute a Software 
Release in a collective work assembled with the Product. 

2.1 Additional License Grants 

a) The LGPL text doesn’t have to be distributed alongside with the 
Product and no reference to it needs to be made; 

b) The source code of the Software doesn’t have to be distributed 
alongside with the Product; 

c) No references to the Software or to CKSource must be done in any file 
distributed with the Product; 

d) You can remove any file from the Software when assembling it with the 
Product; 

e) The Product can be licensed under any license terms; 

f) You’re not required to license modifications you make to the Software 
under the LGPL license. 

3. Conflict between the LGPL and this Agreement 

Any term or condition expressed in the LGPL, which conflicts with terms 
of this Agreement, are to be deleted, prevailing the later over the 
former. 

4. License Models 

The Software may be assembled with the Product and redistributed in 
respect of one and only one of the following models ("License Models") 
at Your choice: 

a) ("Web Site") Assembling the Software into a Product distributed as a 
single web site ("Site"). 

b) ("Corporate Web Sites") Assembling the Software in any number of 
Sites owned or produced by You. Sites produced by third parties with 
Software produced by You are not included in this License Model. 

c) ("OEM") Assembling the Software with a single Product. 

5. Agreement Acceptance 

This Agreement is automatically accepted by both parties as long as You 
are in possession of legal evidence ("Legal Evidence") that the 
acceptance has taken place. The Legal Evidence can be represented by (i) 
an agreement signed by You and CKSource stating the acceptance of this 
Agreement or (ii) a valid purchase invoice, or fully paid order 
confirmation, provided by CKSource and addressed to You. The Legal 
Evidence must precisely indicate this Agreement Name, the Software Name, 
the License Model You have chosen and the following restrictive 
information, if applicable: 

a) If You have chosen the Web Site License Model, the Site Hostname must 
be indicated in the Legal Evidence. This Agreement will be valid for the 
Software assembled with the Site publicized under the Site Hostname 
only. Other Sites are excluded by this Agreement as long as a Legal 
Evidence is not produced for each of these Sites. 

b) If You have chosen the OEM License Model, the unique and well 
recognizable name of Your Product ("Product Name") must be indicated in 
the Legal Evidence. This Agreement will be valid for the Software 
assembled with the Product recognizable by the Product Name, at the 
moment of the purchase, only. This Agreement does not lose its validity 
in the case the Product is renamed after the Legal Evidence production. 

Legal Evidences may define further rights and limitations terms that are 
not described in this Agreement. Any term present in the Agreement that 
goes in conflict with the Legal Evidence terms are to be deleted or 
amended. 

Legal Evidences for different combinations of License Models, Sites and 
Products will not restrict each other and will not interfere in the 
rights granted to You by each of them. 

Legal Evidences for the Web Site or OEM License Models are not 
transferable to different Sites or Products. 

6. Limitation on Releases 

This agreement is valid for all Releases of the Software that have the 
Release Date happening before the day calculated by adding 365 days to 
the date the Legal Evidence has been made effective. 

7. Support 

Unless explicitly indicated in the Legal Evidence, CKSource is not 
required to provide you any kind of support on any activity following 
the acceptance of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the 
use, integration, description, documentation or training of the 
Software. 

8. Exclusions from this License Grant 

Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to prohibit CKSource from 
licensing the Software under terms different from the LGPL or this 
Agreement. No other promises and rights are conceded by CKSource other 
than those expressly under this Agreement. 

9. Reservation of Rights and Ownership 

CKSource reserves all rights not expressly granted to You in this 
Agreement. The Software is protected by copyright and other intellectual 
property laws and treaties. CKSource owns the title, copyright, and 
other intellectual property rights in the Software. The Software is 
licensed, not sold. This Agreement does not grant you any rights to 
trademarks or service the Software marks. 

10. Termination 

Without prejudice to any other rights, this Agreement automatically 
terminates if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement. You may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause. 
In case of termination, in any circumstance, payments issued by You will 
not be reimbursed. 

11. Warranty 

CKSource warrants that he has full title and ownership to the Software 
and has the authority to grant the license hereunder. To the best of 
CKSource's knowledge the Software does not infringe upon the 
intellectual property rights of any third party and that he did not 
receive any notice regarding any alleged infringement thereof. 

12. Disclaimer of Warranties 

With the exclusion of warranties explicitly mentioned in Section 11, the 
Software and its related material are provided "AS IS" and without 
warranty of any kind and CKSource expressly disclaims all other 
warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the 
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular 
purpose. 

13. Exclusion of Incidental, Consequential and Certain Other Damages 

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL 
CKSOURCE BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES 
FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO 
MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR 
NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) 
ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE 
THE SOFTWARE, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR OTHER 
SERVICES, INFORMATON, SOFTWARE, AND RELATED CONTENT THROUGH THE SOFTWARE 
OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OTHERWISE UNDER 
OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS EULA, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF 
THE FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT 
LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, AND EVEN IF THE OWNER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

14. Limitation of Liability 

In no event shall CKSource's liability exceed the license fee paid, if 
any. 

15. Governing Law and Venue 

This Agreement shall be construed and controlled by the laws of Poland, 
and You and CKSource further consent to exclusive jurisdiction by the 
courts of Poland. 

Appendix A 

The complete text of the LGPL license can be found online at the 
following URL: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.php 

